# Nginx-subdomain-randomizer
 Random subdomain generator settings for nginx and cloudflare

# Quick start
First, prepare your Linux server* with a fresh install of Ubuntu, Debian or etc.

Use this one line code to install and configure nginx:

```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JustUnknownDude/Nginx-subdomain-randomizer/main/quickstart.sh && bash quickstart.sh
```

## Next steps

### Add a cron job to generate and replace subdomains
1. Open crontab

```bash
crontab -e
```

2. Paste this command
```bash
*/2 * * * * bash /random.sh >> /dev/null
```

### Route your domain via Cloudlfare

All you have to do is sign up for a free account.

Add your domain and specify the DNS of the cloudflare server at the domain registrar

Specify A-records for your domain in cloudflare:
yourdomain.com
*.yourdomain.com

Open yourdomain.com/fref/ in browser.

Done.

# Description of files in the repository:

## quickstart.sh

This is a bash script to quickly expand the contents of the rest of the files on the server

## all.conf

Config for nginx that listens on yourdomain.com/fref/
and redirects to a subdomain that is randomly generated by the random.sh file.
In the config, there is a further redirect to the target server with the site. You can also host the site immediately on this server, just edit the config a little to fit your goals.

## random.sh

The script generates a new subdomain randomly and replaces it in the nginx config.

## bots.conf

Just a list with bots to block them with nginx.
For the main task is not important.
